docs/blog/content/material/_index.en.md, before:

+++
title = "Article Selections"
weight = 1
chapter = true
+++

Welcome to pick up some of article selections to read. Moreover look forward to your contribution!

1. [After years of stagnation, ElasticJob is back with the first Apache version 3.0.0-alpha](/en/material/alpha/)

2. [News! The distributed scheduling project ElasticJob is about to restart](/en/material/elasticjob/)

3. [Congratulations on graduation of Apache ShardingSphere as a Top-Level Project](/en/material/graduate/)

4. [How to construct the distributed database](/en/material/database/)

5. [Exploration and expansion of the community](/en/material/community/)

6. [Apache ShardingSphere is included in CNCF Landscape](/en/material/cncf/)

7. [Seata_AT](/en/material/seata/)

8. [The mixed open-source distributed transaction solution](/en/material/solution/)

9. [Would you like to become an Apache committer](/en/material/committer/)

10. [How automatic executor of ShardingSphere works](/en/material/engine/)

11. [How to merge the child resultsets](/en/material/result/)

12. [The quick explanation of ShardingSphere transaction module](/en/material/realization/)

13. [Revealing Sharding-Proxy —— Database Middleware Oriented DBA](/en/material/proxy/)

Commit message:

add ss_5.0.0beta.en (#11201)
* add ss_5.0.0beta.en

fix ss_5.0.0beta.cn

* add header

* fix some typos

docs/blog/content/material/_index.en.md, after:

+++
title = "Article Selections"
weight = 1
chapter = true
+++

Welcome to pick up some of article selections to read. Moreover look forward to your contribution!

1. [Following 6 months of development Apache ShardingSphere 5.0.0-beta has been officially released! ](/en/material/ss_5.0.0beta/)

2. [After years of stagnation, ElasticJob is back with the first Apache version 3.0.0-alpha](/en/material/alpha/)

3. [News! The distributed scheduling project ElasticJob is about to restart](/en/material/elasticjob/)

4. [Congratulations on graduation of Apache ShardingSphere as a Top-Level Project](/en/material/graduate/)

5. [How to construct the distributed database](/en/material/database/)

6. [Exploration and expansion of the community](/en/material/community/)

7. [Apache ShardingSphere is included in CNCF Landscape](/en/material/cncf/)

8. [Seata_AT](/en/material/seata/)

9. [The mixed open-source distributed transaction solution](/en/material/solution/)

10. [Would you like to become an Apache committer](/en/material/committer/)

11. [How automatic executor of ShardingSphere works](/en/material/engine/)

12. [How to merge the child resultsets](/en/material/result/)

13. [The quick explanation of ShardingSphere transaction module](/en/material/realization/)

14. [Revealing Sharding-Proxy —— Database Middleware Oriented DBA](/en/material/proxy/)
