README.md, before:

# [ShardingSphere - Building a Criterion and Ecosystem Above Multi-Model Databases](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/)

**Official Website:** [https://shardingsphere.apache.org/](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-4EB1BA.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/apache/shardingsphere.svg)](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere/releases)
[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/apache/shardingsphere.svg?branch=master&status=created)](https://travis-ci.org/apache/shardingsphere)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/apache/shardingsphere/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/apache/shardingsphere)
[![snyk](https://snyk.io/test/github/apache/shardingsphere/badge.svg?targetFile=pom.xml)](https://snyk.io/test/github/apache/shardingsphere?targetFile=pom.xml)
[![Maintainability](https://cloud.quality-gate.com/dashboard/api/badge?projectName=apache_shardingsphere&branchName=master)](https://cloud.quality-gate.com/dashboard/branches/30#overview)
[![OpenTracing-1.0 Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenTracing--1.0-enabled-blue.svg)](http://opentracing.io)
[![Skywalking Tracing](https://img.shields.io/badge/Skywalking%20Tracing-enable-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/apache/skywalking)

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/ShardingSphere.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40ShardingSphere)](https://twitter.com/ShardingSphere)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20Slack-ShardingSphere%20Channel-blueviolet)](https://join.slack.com/t/apacheshardingsphere/shared_invite/zt-sbdde7ie-SjDqo9~I4rYcR18bq0SYTg)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/shardingsphere/shardingsphere.svg)](https://gitter.im/shardingsphere/Lobby)

**Stargazers Over Time**           |  **Contributors Over Time**
:---------------------------------:|:------------------------------------:
[![Stargazers over time](https://starchart.cc/apache/shardingsphere.svg)](https://starchart.cc/apache/shardingsphere)  |  [![Contributor over time](https://contributor-graph-api.apiseven.com/contributors-svg?chart=contributorOverTime&repo=apache/shardingsphere)](https://www.apiseven.com/en/contributor-graph?chart=contributorOverTime&repo=apache/shardingsphere)

# ShardingSphere Overview

Apache ShardingSphere is positioned as a Database Plus, and aims at building a new criterion and ecosystem above multi-model databases. 
It focuses on how to reuse existing databases and their respective upper layer, rather than creating a new database. 

The concepts at the core of the project are Link, Enhance and Pluggable.

- `Link:` Flexible adaptation of database protocol, SQL dialect and database storage. It can quickly link applications and multi-mode heterogeneous databases quickly.
- `Enhance:` Capture database access entry to provide additional features transparently, such as: redirect (sharding, readwrite-splitting and shadow), transform (data encrypt and mask), authentication (security, audit and authority), governance (circuit breaker and access limitation and analyze, QoS and observability).
- `Pluggable:` Leveraging the micro kernel and 3 layers pluggable mode, features and database ecosystem can be embedded flexibily. Developers can customize their ShardingSphere just like building with LEGO blocks.

ShardingSphere became an [Apache](https://apache.org/index.html#projects-list) Top-Level Project on April 16, 2020.
 
## Documentation: 

[![EN doc](https://img.shields.io/badge/document-English-blue.svg)](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/en/overview/)
[![CN doc](https://img.shields.io/badge/文档-中文版-blue.svg)](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/cn/overview/)

For full documentation & more details, visit: [https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/en/overview/](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/en/overview/)

## Contribution: 

For guides on how to get started and setup your environment, contributor & committer guides, visit: [https://shardingsphere.apache.org/community/en/contribute/](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/community/en/contribute/)

## Community & Support:

:link: [Mailing List](dev@shardingsphere.apache.org). Best for: Apache community updates, releases, changes.

:link: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere/issues). Best for: larger systemic questions/bug reports or anything development related.

:link: [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere/discussions). Best for: technical questions & support, requesting new features, proposing new features.

:link: [Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/apacheshardingsphere/shared_invite/zt-sbdde7ie-SjDqo9~I4rYcR18bq0SYTg). Best for: instant communications and online meetings, sharing your applications.

:link: [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ShardingSphere). Best for: keeping up to date on everything ShardingSphere.

## Status:

:white_check_mark: Version 5.0.0: released, stable enough & anyone can sign up :tada:

:soon: Version 5.0.1

We are currently working towards our 5.0.1 milestone. Keep an eye on the [milestones page](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere/milestones) of this repo to stay up to date.

## How it Works:

Apache ShardingSphere includes 3 independent products: JDBC, Proxy & Sidecar (Planning). They all provide functions of data scale-out, distributed transaction and distributed governance, applicable in a variety of situations such as Java isomorphism, heterogeneous language and Cloud-Native.

### ShardingSphere-JDBC

[![Maven Status](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.apache.shardingsphere/shardingsphere-jdbc/badge.svg)](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.apache.shardingsphere/shardingsphere-jdbc)

A lightweight Java framework providing extra services at the Java JDBC layer. 
With the client end connecting directly to the database, it provides services in the form of a jar and requires no extra deployment and dependence.

:link: For more details, follow this [link to the official website](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/en/overview/#shardingsphere-jdbc).
 
### ShardingSphere-Proxy

[![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-download-orange.svg)](https://apache.org/dyn/closer.cgi?path=shardingsphere/5.0.0-beta/apache-shardingsphere-5.0.0-beta-shardingsphere-proxy-bin.tar.gz)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/apache/sharding-proxy.svg)](https://store.docker.com/community/images/apache/sharding-proxy)

A transparent database proxy, providing a database server that encapsulates database binary protocol to support heterogeneous languages. 
Friendlier to DBAs, the MySQL and PostgreSQL version now provided can use any kind of terminal.

:link: For more details, follow this [link to the official website](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/en/overview/#shardingsphere-proxy).

### Hybrid Architecture

ShardingSphere-JDBC adopts a decentralized architecture, applicable to high-performance light-weight OLTP applications developed with Java. 
ShardingSphere-Proxy provides static entry and all languages support, suitable for OLAP application and sharding databases management and operation.

Through the mixed use of ShardingSphere-JDBC & ShardingSphere-Proxy together with a unified sharding strategy by the same registry center, the ShardingSphere ecosystem can build an application system suitable to all kinds of scenarios.

:link: More details can be found following this [link to the official website](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/en/overview/#hybrid-architecture).

### Solution

| *Solutions/Features* |  *Distributed Database* | *Data Security*      | *Database Gateway*              | *Stress Testing* |
| -------------------- | ----------------------- | ---------------------| ------------------------------- | ---------------- |
|                      | Data Sharding           | Data Encrypt         | Multi-model Databases Supported | Shadow Database  |
|                      | Readwrite-splitting     | Row Authority (TODO) | SQL Dialect Translate (TODO)    | Observability    |
|                      | Distributed Transaction | SQL Audit (TODO)     |                                 |                  |
|                      | Elastic Scale-out       | SQL Firewall (TODO)  |                                 |                  |
|                      | Highly Available        |                      |                                 |                  |

### Roadmap

![Roadmap](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/img/roadmap.png)

## How to Build Apache ShardingSphere:

Check out [Wiki](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere/wiki) section for details on how to build Apache ShardingSphere and a full guide on how to get started and setup your local dev environment.

## Landscapes

<p align="center">
<br/><br/>
<img src="https://landscape.cncf.io/images/left-logo.svg" width="150"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;<img src="https://landscape.cncf.io/images/right-logo.svg" width="200"/>
<br/><br/>
Apache ShardingSphere enriches the <a href="https://landscape.cncf.io/landscape=observability-and-analysis&license=apache-license-2-0">CNCF CLOUD NATIVE Landscape</a>.
</p>

Commit message:

Update README.md (#13566)
Added nightly builds.

README.md, after:

# [ShardingSphere - Building a Criterion and Ecosystem Above Multi-Model Databases](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/)

**Official Website:** [https://shardingsphere.apache.org/](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-4EB1BA.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/apache/shardingsphere.svg)](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere/releases)
[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/apache/shardingsphere.svg?branch=master&status=created)](https://travis-ci.org/apache/shardingsphere)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/apache/shardingsphere/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/apache/shardingsphere)
[![snyk](https://snyk.io/test/github/apache/shardingsphere/badge.svg?targetFile=pom.xml)](https://snyk.io/test/github/apache/shardingsphere?targetFile=pom.xml)
[![Maintainability](https://cloud.quality-gate.com/dashboard/api/badge?projectName=apache_shardingsphere&branchName=master)](https://cloud.quality-gate.com/dashboard/branches/30#overview)
[![OpenTracing-1.0 Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenTracing--1.0-enabled-blue.svg)](http://opentracing.io)
[![Skywalking Tracing](https://img.shields.io/badge/Skywalking%20Tracing-enable-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/apache/skywalking)

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/ShardingSphere.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40ShardingSphere)](https://twitter.com/ShardingSphere)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20Slack-ShardingSphere%20Channel-blueviolet)](https://join.slack.com/t/apacheshardingsphere/shared_invite/zt-sbdde7ie-SjDqo9~I4rYcR18bq0SYTg)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/shardingsphere/shardingsphere.svg)](https://gitter.im/shardingsphere/Lobby)

**Stargazers Over Time**           |  **Contributors Over Time**
:---------------------------------:|:------------------------------------:
[![Stargazers over time](https://starchart.cc/apache/shardingsphere.svg)](https://starchart.cc/apache/shardingsphere)  |  [![Contributor over time](https://contributor-graph-api.apiseven.com/contributors-svg?chart=contributorOverTime&repo=apache/shardingsphere)](https://www.apiseven.com/en/contributor-graph?chart=contributorOverTime&repo=apache/shardingsphere)

# ShardingSphere Overview

Apache ShardingSphere is positioned as a Database Plus, and aims at building a new criterion and ecosystem above multi-model databases. 
It focuses on how to reuse existing databases and their respective upper layer, rather than creating a new database. 

The concepts at the core of the project are Link, Enhance and Pluggable.

- `Link:` Flexible adaptation of database protocol, SQL dialect and database storage. It can quickly link applications and multi-mode heterogeneous databases quickly.
- `Enhance:` Capture database access entry to provide additional features transparently, such as: redirect (sharding, readwrite-splitting and shadow), transform (data encrypt and mask), authentication (security, audit and authority), governance (circuit breaker and access limitation and analyze, QoS and observability).
- `Pluggable:` Leveraging the micro kernel and 3 layers pluggable mode, features and database ecosystem can be embedded flexibily. Developers can customize their ShardingSphere just like building with LEGO blocks.

ShardingSphere became an [Apache](https://apache.org/index.html#projects-list) Top-Level Project on April 16, 2020.
 
## Documentation: 

[![EN doc](https://img.shields.io/badge/document-English-blue.svg)](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/en/overview/)
[![CN doc](https://img.shields.io/badge/文档-中文版-blue.svg)](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/cn/overview/)

For full documentation & more details, visit: [https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/en/overview/](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/en/overview/)

## Contribution: 

For guides on how to get started and setup your environment, contributor & committer guides, visit: [https://shardingsphere.apache.org/community/en/contribute/](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/community/en/contribute/)

## Community & Support:

:link: [Mailing List](dev@shardingsphere.apache.org). Best for: Apache community updates, releases, changes.

:link: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere/issues). Best for: larger systemic questions/bug reports or anything development related.

:link: [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere/discussions). Best for: technical questions & support, requesting new features, proposing new features.

:link: [Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/apacheshardingsphere/shared_invite/zt-sbdde7ie-SjDqo9~I4rYcR18bq0SYTg). Best for: instant communications and online meetings, sharing your applications.

:link: [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ShardingSphere). Best for: keeping up to date on everything ShardingSphere.

## Status:

:white_check_mark: Version 5.0.0: released :tada:

🔗 For the release notes, follow this link to the relevant [GitHub page](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere/blob/master/RELEASE-NOTES.md).


:soon: Version 5.0.1

We are currently working towards our 5.0.1 milestone. Keep an eye on the [milestones page](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere/milestones) of this repo to stay up to date.


 ## Nightly Builds:

 A nightly build of ShardingSphere from the latest master branch is available. The package is updated daily and is [available here](http://117.48.121.24:8080).

 #### ‼️ Notice: 

 Use this nightly build at your own risk! The branch is not always fully tested. The nightly build may contain bugs, and there may be new features added which may cause problems with your environment. 

## How it Works:

Apache ShardingSphere includes 3 independent products: JDBC, Proxy & Sidecar (Planning). They all provide functions of data scale-out, distributed transaction and distributed governance, applicable in a variety of situations such as Java isomorphism, heterogeneous language and Cloud-Native.

### ShardingSphere-JDBC

[![Maven Status](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.apache.shardingsphere/shardingsphere-jdbc/badge.svg)](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.apache.shardingsphere/shardingsphere-jdbc)

A lightweight Java framework providing extra services at the Java JDBC layer. 
With the client end connecting directly to the database, it provides services in the form of a jar and requires no extra deployment and dependence.

:link: For more details, follow this [link to the official website](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/en/overview/#shardingsphere-jdbc).
 
### ShardingSphere-Proxy

[![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-download-orange.svg)](https://apache.org/dyn/closer.cgi?path=shardingsphere/5.0.0-beta/apache-shardingsphere-5.0.0-beta-shardingsphere-proxy-bin.tar.gz)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/apache/sharding-proxy.svg)](https://store.docker.com/community/images/apache/sharding-proxy)

A transparent database proxy, providing a database server that encapsulates database binary protocol to support heterogeneous languages. 
Friendlier to DBAs, the MySQL and PostgreSQL version now provided can use any kind of terminal.

:link: For more details, follow this [link to the official website](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/en/overview/#shardingsphere-proxy).

### Hybrid Architecture

ShardingSphere-JDBC adopts a decentralized architecture, applicable to high-performance light-weight OLTP applications developed with Java. 
ShardingSphere-Proxy provides static entry and all languages support, suitable for OLAP application and sharding databases management and operation.

Through the mixed use of ShardingSphere-JDBC & ShardingSphere-Proxy together with a unified sharding strategy by the same registry center, the ShardingSphere ecosystem can build an application system suitable to all kinds of scenarios.

:link: More details can be found following this [link to the official website](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/en/overview/#hybrid-architecture).

### Solution

| *Solutions/Features* |  *Distributed Database* | *Data Security*      | *Database Gateway*              | *Stress Testing* |
| -------------------- | ----------------------- | ---------------------| ------------------------------- | ---------------- |
|                      | Data Sharding           | Data Encrypt         | Multi-model Databases Supported | Shadow Database  |
|                      | Readwrite-splitting     | Row Authority (TODO) | SQL Dialect Translate (TODO)    | Observability    |
|                      | Distributed Transaction | SQL Audit (TODO)     |                                 |                  |
|                      | Elastic Scale-out       | SQL Firewall (TODO)  |                                 |                  |
|                      | Highly Available        |                      |                                 |                  |

### Roadmap

![Roadmap](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/img/roadmap.png)

## How to Build Apache ShardingSphere:

Check out [Wiki](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere/wiki) section for details on how to build Apache ShardingSphere and a full guide on how to get started and setup your local dev environment.

## Landscapes

<p align="center">
<br/><br/>
<img src="https://landscape.cncf.io/images/left-logo.svg" width="150"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;<img src="https://landscape.cncf.io/images/right-logo.svg" width="200"/>
<br/><br/>
Apache ShardingSphere enriches the <a href="https://landscape.cncf.io/landscape=observability-and-analysis&license=apache-license-2-0">CNCF CLOUD NATIVE Landscape</a>.
</p>
