docs/document/content/user-manual/shardingsphere-scaling/build.en.md, before:

+++
title = "Build"
weight = 1
+++

## Build&Deployment

1. Execute the following command to compile and generate the ShardingSphere-Proxy binary package:

```
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere.git
cd shardingsphere
mvn clean install -Dmaven.javadoc.skip=true -Dcheckstyle.skip=true -Drat.skip=true -Djacoco.skip=true -DskipITs -DskipTests -Prelease
```

The binary packages:
- /shardingsphere-distribution/shardingsphere-proxy-distribution/target/apache-shardingsphere-${latest.release.version}-shardingsphere-proxy-bin.tar.gz

Or get binary package from [download page]( https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/en/downloads/ ).

2. Unzip the proxy distribution package, modify the configuration file `conf/server.yaml`, enable `scaling` and `mode`:
```yaml
scaling:
  blockQueueSize: 10000
  workerThread: 40
  clusterAutoSwitchAlgorithm:
    type: IDLE
    props:
      incremental-task-idle-minute-threshold: 30
  dataConsistencyCheckAlgorithm:
    type: DEFAULT

mode:
  type: Cluster
  repository:
    type: ZooKeeper
    props:
      namespace: governance_ds
      server-lists: localhost:2181
      retryIntervalMilliseconds: 500
      timeToLiveSeconds: 60
      maxRetries: 3
      operationTimeoutMilliseconds: 500
  overwrite: false
```

Enable `clusterAutoSwitchAlgorithm` indicate system will detect when scaling job is finished and switch cluster configuration automatically. Currently, system supply `IDLE` type implementation.

Enable `dataConsistencyCheckAlgorithm` indicate system will use this defined algorithm to do data consistency check when it's emitted, if it's disabled, then data consistency check will be ignored. Currently, system supply `DEFAULT` type implementation, it supports following database types: `MySQL`, you could not enable it if you're running other database types for now, support of other database types is under development.

You could customize an auto switch algorithm by implementing `ScalingClusterAutoSwitchAlgorithm` SPI interface, and customize a check algorithm by implementing `ScalingDataConsistencyCheckAlgorithm` SPI interface. Please refer to [Dev Manual#Scaling](/en/dev-manual/scaling/) for more details.

3. Start up ShardingSphere-Proxy:

```
sh bin/start.sh
```

4. See the proxy log file `logs/stdout.log`，ensure startup successfully.

## Shutdown

```
sh bin/stop.sh
```

## Configuration

The existing configuration items are as follows, we can modify them in `conf/server.yaml`:

| Name           | Description                                                                               | Default value |
| -------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| blockQueueSize | Queue size of data transmission channel                                                   | 10000         |
| workerThread   | Worker thread pool size, the number of migration task threads allowed to run concurrently | 40            |

Commit message:

Improve scaling user-manual doc  (#14062)
* Update build.cn.md

* Update usage.cn.md

* Update usage.en.md

* Update build.en.md

docs/document/content/user-manual/shardingsphere-scaling/build.en.md, after:

+++
title = "Build"
weight = 1
+++

## Build&Deployment

1. Execute the following command to compile and generate the ShardingSphere-Proxy binary package:

```
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere.git
cd shardingsphere
mvn clean install -Dmaven.javadoc.skip=true -Dcheckstyle.skip=true -Drat.skip=true -Djacoco.skip=true -DskipITs -DskipTests -Prelease
```

The binary packages:
- /shardingsphere-distribution/shardingsphere-proxy-distribution/target/apache-shardingsphere-${latest.release.version}-shardingsphere-proxy-bin.tar.gz

Or get binary package from [download page]( https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/en/downloads/ ).

> Scaling is an experimental feature，we suggest use master branch latest version，click here[download latest version]( https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere#nightly-builds )

2. Unzip the proxy distribution package, modify the configuration file `conf/config-sharding.yaml`，edit `schemaName`，`dataSources`，in `rules`, you can change `shardingAlgorithms` or`keyGenerators`，[config-sharding.yaml example]( https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere/blob/master/examples/docker/shardingsphere-proxy/sharding/conf/config-sharding.yaml )：

3. Modify the configuration file `conf/server.yaml`, if the `Mode` is `Cluster`, please open the registry center you use before you run `proxy`.
Now enable `scaling` and `mode`
```yaml
scaling:
  blockQueueSize: 10000
  workerThread: 40
  clusterAutoSwitchAlgorithm:
    type: IDLE
    props:
      incremental-task-idle-minute-threshold: 30
  dataConsistencyCheckAlgorithm:
    type: DEFAULT

mode:
  type: Cluster
  repository:
    type: ZooKeeper
    props:
      namespace: governance_ds
      server-lists: localhost:2181
      retryIntervalMilliseconds: 500
      timeToLiveSeconds: 60
      maxRetries: 3
      operationTimeoutMilliseconds: 500
  overwrite: false
```

Enable `clusterAutoSwitchAlgorithm` indicate system will detect when scaling job is finished and switch cluster configuration automatically. Currently, system supply `IDLE` type implementation.

Enable `dataConsistencyCheckAlgorithm` indicate system will use this defined algorithm to do data consistency check when it's emitted, if it's disabled, then data consistency check will be ignored. Currently, system supply `DEFAULT` type implementation, it supports following database types: `MySQL`, you could not enable it if you're running other database types for now, support of other database types is under development.

You could customize an auto switch algorithm by implementing `ScalingClusterAutoSwitchAlgorithm` SPI interface, and customize a check algorithm by implementing `ScalingDataConsistencyCheckAlgorithm` SPI interface. Please refer to [Dev Manual#Scaling](/en/dev-manual/scaling/) for more details.

3. Start up ShardingSphere-Proxy:

```
sh bin/start.sh
```

4. See the proxy log file `logs/stdout.log`，if your log look like this:
```
[INFO ] 2021-12-08 15:28:48.336 [main] o.a.s.p.frontend.ShardingSphereProxy - ShardingSphere-Proxy start success
```
Then `proxy` startup successfully：

## Shutdown

```
sh bin/stop.sh
```

## Configuration

The existing configuration items are as follows, we can modify them in `conf/server.yaml`:

| 一级Key | 二级Key                       | 三级Key                                                      | 说明                                                         | 默认值    |
| ------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------- |
| Scaling |                               | blockQueueSize                                               | Queue size of data transmission channel                       | 10000     |
|         |                               | workerThread                                                 | Worker thread pool size, the number of migration task threads allowed to run concurrently      | 40        |
|         | clusterAutoSwitchAlgorithm    | type                                                         | Enable automatic detection of task completion and switch configuration, currently the system provides IDLE type implementation | -         |
|         |                               | props:incremental-task-idle-minute-threshold                 | The maximum idle time of incremental synchronization, if it exceeds this value, enter the next state    | 30 (minutes) |
|         | dataConsistencyCheckAlgorithm | type                                                         | Configure the dataConsistencyCheckAlgorithm, closing the configuration system will not perform data verification. At present, the system provides the implementation of the DEFAULT type, and the database currently supported by the DEFAULT algorithm: MySQL. Other databases cannot open this configuration item, and related support is still under development.for more detail[/dev-manual/scaling/#scalingdataconsistencycheckalgorithm](/en/dev-manual/scaling/#scalingdataconsistencycheckalgorithm)。 | -         |
| mode    | type                          | Cluster                                                      |                                                              | -         |
|         | repository                    | type、props | registry center，now support Zookeeper，Etcd                            | -         |
|         | overwrite                     | -                                                            | Control whether the configuration file covers the registry center metadata, which can generally be used during testing.     | false     |
