docs/document/content/reference/faq/_index.en.md, before:

+++
pre = "<b>7.8. </b>"
title = "FAQ"
weight = 8
chapter = true
+++

## 1. [JDBC] Why there may be an error when configure both shardingsphere-jdbc-spring-boot-starter and a spring-boot-starter of certain datasource pool(such as druid)?

Answer:

1. Because the spring-boot-starter of certain datasource pool (such as druid) will be configured before shardingsphere-jdbc-spring-boot-starter and create a default datasource, then conflict occur when ShardingSphere-JDBC create datasources.
2. A simple way to solve this issue is removing the spring-boot-starter of certain datasource pool, shardingsphere-jdbc create datasources with suitable pools.

## 2. [JDBC] Why is xsd unable to be found when Spring Namespace is used?

Answer:

The use norm of Spring Namespace does not require to deploy xsd files to the official website. But considering some users' needs, we will deploy them to ShardingSphere's official website.

Actually, META-INF\spring.schemas in the jar package of shardingsphere-jdbc-spring-namespace has been configured with the position of xsd files:
META-INF\namespace\sharding.xsd and META-INF\namespace\replica-query.xsd, so you only need to make sure that the file is in the jar package.

## 3. [JDBC] Found a JtaTransactionManager in spring boot project when integrating with transaction of XA

Answer:

1. `shardingsphere-transaction-xa-core` include atomikos, it will trigger auto-configuration mechanism in spring-boot, add `@SpringBootApplication(exclude = JtaAutoConfiguration.class)` will solve it.

## 4. [Proxy] In Windows environment, could not find or load main class org.apache.shardingsphere.proxy.Bootstrap, how to solve it?

Answer:

Some decompression tools may truncate the file name when decompressing the ShardingSphere-Proxy binary package, resulting in some classes not being found.

The solutions:

Open cmd.exe and execute the following command:
```
tar zxvf apache-shardingsphere-${RELEASE.VERSION}-shardingsphere-proxy-bin.tar.gz
```

## 5. [Proxy] How to add a new logic schema dynamically when use ShardingSphere-Proxy?

Answer:

When using ShardingSphere-Proxy, users can dynamically create or drop logic schema through `DistSQL`, the syntax is as follows:

```sql
CREATE (DATABASE | SCHEMA) [IF NOT EXISTS] schemaName;
    
DROP (DATABASE | SCHEMA) [IF EXISTS] schemaName;
```

Example:

```sql
CREATE DATABASE sharding_db;

DROP SCHEMA sharding_db;
```

## 6. [Proxy] How to use a suitable database tools connecting ShardingSphere-Proxy?

Answer:

1. ShardingSphere-Proxy could be considered as a mysql sever, so we recommend using mysql command line tool to connect to and operate it.
2. If users would like use a third-party database tool, there may be some errors cause of the certain implementation/options.
3. The currently tested third-party database tools are as follows:
   - Navicat：11.1.13、15.0.20.
   - DataGrip：2020.1、2021.1 (turn on "introspect using jdbc metadata" in idea or datagrip).
   - WorkBench：8.0.25.

## 7. [Proxy] When using a client such as Navicat to connect to Sharding Sphere-Proxy, if Sharding Sphere-Proxy does not create a Schema or does not add a Resource, the client connection will fail?

Answer:

1. Third-party database tools will send some SQL query metadata when connecting to ShardingSphere-Proxy. When ShardingSphere-Proxy does not create a `schema` or does not add a `resource`, ShardingSphere-Proxy cannot execute SQL.
2. It is recommended to create `schema` and `resource` first, and then use third-party database tools to connect.
3. Please refer to [Related introduction](/en/user-manual/shardingsphere-proxy/usage/distsql/syntax/rdl/resource-definition/) the details about `resource`.

## 8. [Sharding] How to solve `Cloud not resolve placeholder … in string value …` error?

Answer:

`${...}` or `$->{...}` can be used in inline expression identifiers, but the former one clashes with place holders in Spring property files, so `$->{...}` is recommended to be used in Spring as inline expression identifiers.

## 9. [Sharding] Why does float number appear in the return result of inline expression?

Answer:

The division result of Java integers is also integer, but in Groovy syntax of inline expression, the division result of integers is float number. 
To obtain integer division result, A/B needs to be modified as A.intdiv(B).

## 10. [Sharding] If sharding database is partial, should tables without sharding database & table be configured in sharding rules?

Answer:

No, ShardingSphere will recognize it automatically.

## 11. [Sharding] When generic Long type `SingleKeyTableShardingAlgorithm` is used, why does`ClassCastException: Integer can not cast to Long` exception appear?

Answer:

You must make sure the field in database table consistent with that in sharding algorithms. For example, the field type in database is int(11) and the sharding type corresponds to genetic type is Integer, if you want to configure Long type, please make sure the field type in the database is bigint.

## 12. [Sharding] Why are the default distributed auto-augment key strategy provided by ShardingSphere not continuous and most of them end with even numbers?

Answer:

ShardingSphere uses snowflake algorithms as the default distributed auto-augment key strategy to make sure unrepeated and decentralized auto-augment sequence is generated under the distributed situations. Therefore, auto-augment keys can be incremental but not continuous.

But the last four numbers of snowflake algorithm are incremental value within one millisecond. Thus, if concurrency degree in one millisecond is not high,  the last four numbers are likely to be zero, which explains why the rate of even end number is higher.

In 3.1.0 version, the problem of ending with even numbers has been totally solved, please refer to: https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere/issues/1617

## 13. [Sharding] How to allow range query with using inline sharding strategy(BETWEEN AND, \>, \<, \>=, \<=)?

Answer:

1. Update to 4.1.0 above.
2. Configure(A tip here: then each range query will be broadcast to every sharding table):
- Version 4.x: `allow.range.query.with.inline.sharding` to `true` (Default value is `false`).
- Version 5.x: `allow-range-query-with-inline-sharding` to `true` in InlineShardingStrategy (Default value is `false`).

## 14. [Sharding] Why does my custom distributed primary key do not work after implementing `KeyGenerateAlgorithm` interface and configuring `type` property?

Answer:

[Service Provider Interface (SPI)](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/sound/SPI-intro.html) is a kind of API for the third party to implement or expand. Except implementing interface, you also need to create a corresponding file in `META-INF/services` to make the JVM load these SPI implementations.

More detail for SPI usage, please search by yourself.

Other ShardingSphere [functionality implementation](/en/concepts/pluggable/) will take effect in the same way.

## 15. [Sharding] In addition to internal distributed primary key, does ShardingSphere support other native auto-increment keys?

Answer:

Yes. But there is restriction to the use of native auto-increment keys, which means they cannot be used as sharding keys at the same time.

Since ShardingSphere does not have the database table structure and native auto-increment key is not included in original SQL, it cannot parse that field to the sharding field. If the auto-increment key is not sharding key, it can be returned normally and is needless to be cared. But if the auto-increment key is also used as sharding key, ShardingSphere cannot parse its sharding value, which will make SQL routed to multiple tables and influence the rightness of the application.

The premise for returning native auto-increment key is that INSERT SQL is eventually routed to one table. Therefore, auto-increment key will return zero when INSERT SQL returns multiple tables.

## 16. [Encryption] How to solve that `data encryption` can't work with JPA?

Answer:

Because DDL for data encryption has not yet finished, JPA Entity cannot meet the DDL and DML at the same time, when JPA that automatically generates DDL is used with data encryption.

The solutions are as follows:

1. Create JPA Entity with logicColumn which needs to encrypt.
2. Disable JPA auto-ddl, For example setting auto-ddl=none.
3. Create table manually. Table structure should use `cipherColumn`,`plainColumn` and `assistedQueryColumn` to replace the logicColumn.

## 17. [DistSQL] How to set custom JDBC connection properties or connection pool properties when adding a data source using DistSQL?

Answer:

1. If you need to customize JDBC connection properties, please take the `urlSource` way to define `dataSource`.
2. ShardingSphere presets necessary connection pool properties, such as `maxPoolSize`, `idleTimeout`, etc. If you need to add or overwrite the properties, please specify it with `PROPERTIES` in the `dataSource`.
3. Please refer to [Related introduction](/en/user-manual/shardingsphere-proxy/usage/distsql/syntax/rdl/resource-definition/) for above rules.

## 18. [Other] How to debug when SQL can not be executed rightly in ShardingSphere?

Answer:

`sql.show` configuration is provided in ShardingSphere-Proxy and post-1.5.0 version of ShardingSphere-JDBC, enabling the context parsing, rewritten SQL and the routed data source printed to info log. `sql.show` configuration is off in default, and users can turn it on in configurations.

A Tip: Property `sql.show` has changed to `sql-show` in version 5.x.

## 19. [Other] Why do some compiling errors appear? Why did not the IDEA index the generated codes?

Answer:

ShardingSphere uses lombok to enable minimal coding. For more details about using and installment, please refer to the official website of [lombok](https://projectlombok.org/download.html).

The codes under the package `org.apache.shardingsphere.sql.parser.autogen` are generated by ANTLR. You may execute the following command to generate codes:

```bash
./mvnw -Dcheckstyle.skip=true -Drat.skip=true -Dmaven.javadoc.skip=true -Djacoco.skip=true -DskipITs -DskipTests install -T1C 
```

The generated codes such as `org.apache.shardingsphere.sql.parser.autogen.PostgreSQLStatementParser` may be too large to be indexed by the IDEA.
You may configure the IDEA's property `idea.max.intellisense.filesize=10000`.

## 20. [Other] In SQLSever and PostgreSQL, why does the aggregation column without alias throw exception?

Answer:

SQLServer and PostgreSQL will rename aggregation columns acquired without alias, such as the following SQL:

```sql
SELECT SUM(num), SUM(num2) FROM tablexxx;
```

Columns acquired by SQLServer are empty string and (2); columns acquired by PostgreSQL are empty sum and sum(2). It will cause error because ShardingSphere is unable to find the corresponding column.

The right SQL should be written as:

```sql
SELECT SUM(num) AS sum_num, SUM(num2) AS sum_num2 FROM tablexxx;
```

## 21. [Other] Why does Oracle database throw “Order by value must implements Comparable” exception when using Timestamp Order By?

Answer:

There are two solutions for the above problem: 1. Configure JVM parameter “-oracle.jdbc.J2EE13Compliant=true” 2. Set System.getProperties().setProperty(“oracle.jdbc.J2EE13Compliant”, “true”) codes in the initialization of the project.

Reasons:

`org.apache.shardingsphere.sharding.merge.dql.orderby.OrderByValue#getOrderValues()`:

```java
    private List<Comparable<?>> getOrderValues() throws SQLException {
        List<Comparable<?>> result = new ArrayList<>(orderByItems.size());
        for (OrderByItem each : orderByItems) {
            Object value = queryResult.getValue(each.getIndex(), Object.class);
            Preconditions.checkState(null == value || value instanceof Comparable, "Order by value must implements Comparable");
            result.add((Comparable<?>) value);
        }
        return result;
    }
```

After using resultSet.getObject(int index), for TimeStamp oracle, the system will decide whether to return java.sql.TimeStamp or define oralce.sql.TIMESTAMP according to the property of  oracle.jdbc.J2EE13Compliant. See oracle.jdbc.driver.TimestampAccessor#getObject(int var1) method in ojdbc codes for more detail:

```java
    Object getObject(int var1) throws SQLException {
        Object var2 = null;
        if(this.rowSpaceIndicator == null) {
            DatabaseError.throwSqlException(21);
        }

        if(this.rowSpaceIndicator[this.indicatorIndex + var1] != -1) {
            if(this.externalType != 0) {
                switch(this.externalType) {
                case 93:
                    return this.getTimestamp(var1);
                default:
                    DatabaseError.throwSqlException(4);
                    return null;
                }
            }

            if(this.statement.connection.j2ee13Compliant) {
                var2 = this.getTimestamp(var1);
            } else {
                var2 = this.getTIMESTAMP(var1);
            }
        }

        return var2;
    }
```

## 22. [Other] In Windows environment,when cloning ShardingSphere source code through Git, why prompt filename too long and how to solve it?

Answer:

To ensure the readability of source code,the ShardingSphere Coding Specification requires that the naming of classes,methods and variables be literal and avoid abbreviations,which may result in  Some source files have long names. 

Since the Git version of Windows is compiled using msys,it uses the old version of Windows Api,limiting the file name to no more than 260 characters. 

The solutions are as follows: 

Open cmd.exe (you need to add git to environment variables) and execute the following command to allow git supporting log paths: 
```
git config --global core.longpaths true
```

If we use windows 10, also need enable win32 log paths in registry editor or group strategy(need reboot):
> Create the registry key `HKLM\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\FileSystem LongPathsEnabled` (Type: REG_DWORD) in registry editor, and be set to 1.
> Or click "setting" button in system menu, print "Group Policy" to open a new window "Edit Group Policy", and then click 'Computer Configuration' > 'Administrative Templates' > 'System' > 'Filesystem', and then turn on 'Enable Win32 long paths' option.

Reference material:

https://docs.microsoft.com/zh-cn/windows/desktop/FileIO/naming-a-file
https://ourcodeworld.com/articles/read/109/how-to-solve-filename-too-long-error-in-git-powershell-and-github-application-for-windows

## 23. [Other] How to solve `Type is required` error?

Answer:

In Apache ShardingSphere, many functionality implementation are uploaded through [SPI](/en/concepts/pluggable/), such as Distributed Primary Key. These functions load SPI implementation by configuring the `type`，so the `type` must be specified in the configuration file.

## 24. [Other] How to speed up the metadata loading when service starts up?

Answer:

1. Update to 4.0.1 above, which helps speed up the process of loading table metadata.
2. Configure:
- `max.connections.size.per.query`(Default value is 1) higher referring to connection pool you adopt(Version >= 3.0.0.M3 & Version < 5.0.0).
- `max-connections-size-per-query`(Default value is 1) higher referring to connection pool you adopt(Version >= 5.0.0).

## 25. [Other] The ANTLR plugin generates codes in the same level directory as src, which is easy to commit by mistake. How to avoid it?

Answer:

Goto [Settings -> Languages & Frameworks -> ANTLR v4 default project settings](jetbrains://idea/settings?name=Languages+%26+Frameworks--ANTLR+v4+default+project+settings) and configure the output directory of the generated code as `target/gen` as shown:

![Configure ANTLR plugin](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/img/faq/configure-antlr-plugin.png)

## 26. [Other] Why is the database sharding result not correct when using `Proxool`?

Answer:

When using `Proxool` to configure multiple data sources, each one of them should be configured with alias. It is because `Proxool` would check whether existing alias is included in the connection pool or not when acquiring connections, so without alias, each connection will be acquired from the same data source.

The followings are core codes from ProxoolDataSource getConnection method in `Proxool`:

```java
    if(!ConnectionPoolManager.getInstance().isPoolExists(this.alias)) {
        this.registerPool();
    }
```

For more alias usages, please refer to [Proxool](http://proxool.sourceforge.net/configure.html) official website.

Commit message:

Add FAQ for DistSQL DROP RESOURCE #13426 (#13644)
* FAQ

* ordered and updated FAQ english file

docs/document/content/reference/faq/_index.en.md, after:

+++
pre = "<b>7.8. </b>"
title = "FAQ"
weight = 8
chapter = true
+++

## 1. [JDBC] Why there may be an error when configure both shardingsphere-jdbc-spring-boot-starter and a spring-boot-starter of certain datasource pool(such as druid)?

Answer:

1. Because the spring-boot-starter of certain datasource pool (such as druid) will be configured before shardingsphere-jdbc-spring-boot-starter and create a default datasource, then conflict occur when ShardingSphere-JDBC create datasources.
2. A simple way to solve this issue is removing the spring-boot-starter of certain datasource pool, shardingsphere-jdbc create datasources with suitable pools.

## 2. [JDBC] Why is xsd unable to be found when Spring Namespace is used?

Answer:

The use norm of Spring Namespace does not require to deploy xsd files to the official website. But considering some users' needs, we will deploy them to ShardingSphere's official website.

Actually, META-INF\spring.schemas in the jar package of shardingsphere-jdbc-spring-namespace has been configured with the position of xsd files:
META-INF\namespace\sharding.xsd and META-INF\namespace\replica-query.xsd, so you only need to make sure that the file is in the jar package.

## 3. [JDBC] Found a JtaTransactionManager in spring boot project when integrating with transaction of XA

Answer:

1. `shardingsphere-transaction-xa-core` include atomikos, it will trigger auto-configuration mechanism in spring-boot, add `@SpringBootApplication(exclude = JtaAutoConfiguration.class)` will solve it.

## 4. [Proxy] In Windows environment, could not find or load main class org.apache.shardingsphere.proxy.Bootstrap, how to solve it?

Answer:

Some decompression tools may truncate the file name when decompressing the ShardingSphere-Proxy binary package, resulting in some classes not being found.

The solutions:

Open cmd.exe and execute the following command:
```
tar zxvf apache-shardingsphere-${RELEASE.VERSION}-shardingsphere-proxy-bin.tar.gz
```

## 5. [Proxy] How to add a new logic schema dynamically when use ShardingSphere-Proxy?

Answer:

When using ShardingSphere-Proxy, users can dynamically create or drop logic schema through `DistSQL`, the syntax is as follows:

```sql
CREATE (DATABASE | SCHEMA) [IF NOT EXISTS] schemaName;
    
DROP (DATABASE | SCHEMA) [IF EXISTS] schemaName;
```

Example:

```sql
CREATE DATABASE sharding_db;

DROP SCHEMA sharding_db;
```

## 6. [Proxy] How to use a suitable database tools connecting ShardingSphere-Proxy?

Answer:

1. ShardingSphere-Proxy could be considered as a mysql sever, so we recommend using mysql command line tool to connect to and operate it.
2. If users would like use a third-party database tool, there may be some errors cause of the certain implementation/options.
3. The currently tested third-party database tools are as follows:
   - Navicat：11.1.13、15.0.20.
   - DataGrip：2020.1、2021.1 (turn on "introspect using jdbc metadata" in idea or datagrip).
   - WorkBench：8.0.25.

## 7. [Proxy] When using a client such as Navicat to connect to Sharding Sphere-Proxy, if Sharding Sphere-Proxy does not create a Schema or does not add a Resource, the client connection will fail?

Answer:

1. Third-party database tools will send some SQL query metadata when connecting to ShardingSphere-Proxy. When ShardingSphere-Proxy does not create a `schema` or does not add a `resource`, ShardingSphere-Proxy cannot execute SQL.
2. It is recommended to create `schema` and `resource` first, and then use third-party database tools to connect.
3. Please refer to [Related introduction](/en/user-manual/shardingsphere-proxy/usage/distsql/syntax/rdl/resource-definition/) the details about `resource`.

## 8. [Sharding] How to solve `Cloud not resolve placeholder … in string value …` error?

Answer:

`${...}` or `$->{...}` can be used in inline expression identifiers, but the former one clashes with place holders in Spring property files, so `$->{...}` is recommended to be used in Spring as inline expression identifiers.

## 9. [Sharding] Why does float number appear in the return result of inline expression?

Answer:

The division result of Java integers is also integer, but in Groovy syntax of inline expression, the division result of integers is float number. 
To obtain integer division result, A/B needs to be modified as A.intdiv(B).

## 10. [Sharding] If sharding database is partial, should tables without sharding database & table be configured in sharding rules?

Answer:

No, ShardingSphere will recognize it automatically.

## 11. [Sharding] When generic Long type `SingleKeyTableShardingAlgorithm` is used, why does`ClassCastException: Integer can not cast to Long` exception appear?

Answer:

You must make sure the field in database table consistent with that in sharding algorithms. For example, the field type in database is int(11) and the sharding type corresponds to genetic type is Integer, if you want to configure Long type, please make sure the field type in the database is bigint.

## 12. [Sharding] Why are the default distributed auto-augment key strategy provided by ShardingSphere not continuous and most of them end with even numbers?

Answer:

ShardingSphere uses snowflake algorithms as the default distributed auto-augment key strategy to make sure unrepeated and decentralized auto-augment sequence is generated under the distributed situations. Therefore, auto-augment keys can be incremental but not continuous.

But the last four numbers of snowflake algorithm are incremental value within one millisecond. Thus, if concurrency degree in one millisecond is not high,  the last four numbers are likely to be zero, which explains why the rate of even end number is higher.

In 3.1.0 version, the problem of ending with even numbers has been totally solved, please refer to: https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere/issues/1617

## 13. [Sharding] How to allow range query with using inline sharding strategy(BETWEEN AND, \>, \<, \>=, \<=)?

Answer:

1. Update to 4.1.0 above.
2. Configure(A tip here: then each range query will be broadcast to every sharding table):
- Version 4.x: `allow.range.query.with.inline.sharding` to `true` (Default value is `false`).
- Version 5.x: `allow-range-query-with-inline-sharding` to `true` in InlineShardingStrategy (Default value is `false`).

## 14. [Sharding] Why does my custom distributed primary key do not work after implementing `KeyGenerateAlgorithm` interface and configuring `type` property?

Answer:

[Service Provider Interface (SPI)](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/sound/SPI-intro.html) is a kind of API for the third party to implement or expand. Except implementing interface, you also need to create a corresponding file in `META-INF/services` to make the JVM load these SPI implementations.

More detail for SPI usage, please search by yourself.

Other ShardingSphere [functionality implementation](/en/concepts/pluggable/) will take effect in the same way.

## 15. [Sharding] In addition to internal distributed primary key, does ShardingSphere support other native auto-increment keys?

Answer:

Yes. But there is restriction to the use of native auto-increment keys, which means they cannot be used as sharding keys at the same time.

Since ShardingSphere does not have the database table structure and native auto-increment key is not included in original SQL, it cannot parse that field to the sharding field. If the auto-increment key is not sharding key, it can be returned normally and is needless to be cared. But if the auto-increment key is also used as sharding key, ShardingSphere cannot parse its sharding value, which will make SQL routed to multiple tables and influence the rightness of the application.

The premise for returning native auto-increment key is that INSERT SQL is eventually routed to one table. Therefore, auto-increment key will return zero when INSERT SQL returns multiple tables.

## 16. [Encryption] How to solve that `data encryption` can't work with JPA?

Answer:

Because DDL for data encryption has not yet finished, JPA Entity cannot meet the DDL and DML at the same time, when JPA that automatically generates DDL is used with data encryption.

The solutions are as follows:

1. Create JPA Entity with logicColumn which needs to encrypt.
2. Disable JPA auto-ddl, For example setting auto-ddl=none.
3. Create table manually. Table structure should use `cipherColumn`,`plainColumn` and `assistedQueryColumn` to replace the logicColumn.

## 17. [DistSQL] How to set custom JDBC connection properties or connection pool properties when adding a data source using DistSQL?

Answer:

1. If you need to customize JDBC connection properties, please take the `urlSource` way to define `dataSource`.
2. ShardingSphere presets necessary connection pool properties, such as `maxPoolSize`, `idleTimeout`, etc. If you need to add or overwrite the properties, please specify it with `PROPERTIES` in the `dataSource`.
3. Please refer to [Related introduction](/en/user-manual/shardingsphere-proxy/usage/distsql/syntax/rdl/resource-definition/) for above rules.

## 18. [DistSQL] How to solve ` Resource [xxx] is still used by [SingleTableRule].` exception when dropping a data source using DistSQL?

Answer：

1. Resources referenced by rules cannot be deleted

2. If the resource is only referenced by single table rule, and the user confirms that the restriction can be ignored, the optional parameter ignore single tables can be added to perform forced deletion

```
DROP RESOURCE dataSourceName [, dataSourceName] ... [ignore single tables]
```

## 19. [Other] How to debug when SQL can not be executed rightly in ShardingSphere?

Answer:

`sql.show` configuration is provided in ShardingSphere-Proxy and post-1.5.0 version of ShardingSphere-JDBC, enabling the context parsing, rewritten SQL and the routed data source printed to info log. `sql.show` configuration is off in default, and users can turn it on in configurations.

A Tip: Property `sql.show` has changed to `sql-show` in version 5.x.

## 20. [Other] Why do some compiling errors appear? Why did not the IDEA index the generated codes?

Answer:

ShardingSphere uses lombok to enable minimal coding. For more details about using and installment, please refer to the official website of [lombok](https://projectlombok.org/download.html).

The codes under the package `org.apache.shardingsphere.sql.parser.autogen` are generated by ANTLR. You may execute the following command to generate codes:

```bash
./mvnw -Dcheckstyle.skip=true -Drat.skip=true -Dmaven.javadoc.skip=true -Djacoco.skip=true -DskipITs -DskipTests install -T1C 
```

The generated codes such as `org.apache.shardingsphere.sql.parser.autogen.PostgreSQLStatementParser` may be too large to be indexed by the IDEA.
You may configure the IDEA's property `idea.max.intellisense.filesize=10000`.

## 21. [Other] In SQLSever and PostgreSQL, why does the aggregation column without alias throw exception?

Answer:

SQLServer and PostgreSQL will rename aggregation columns acquired without alias, such as the following SQL:

```sql
SELECT SUM(num), SUM(num2) FROM tablexxx;
```

Columns acquired by SQLServer are empty string and (2); columns acquired by PostgreSQL are empty sum and sum(2). It will cause error because ShardingSphere is unable to find the corresponding column.

The right SQL should be written as:

```sql
SELECT SUM(num) AS sum_num, SUM(num2) AS sum_num2 FROM tablexxx;
```

## 22. [Other] Why does Oracle database throw “Order by value must implements Comparable” exception when using Timestamp Order By?

Answer:

There are two solutions for the above problem: 1. Configure JVM parameter “-oracle.jdbc.J2EE13Compliant=true” 2. Set System.getProperties().setProperty(“oracle.jdbc.J2EE13Compliant”, “true”) codes in the initialization of the project.

Reasons:

`org.apache.shardingsphere.sharding.merge.dql.orderby.OrderByValue#getOrderValues()`:

```java
    private List<Comparable<?>> getOrderValues() throws SQLException {
        List<Comparable<?>> result = new ArrayList<>(orderByItems.size());
        for (OrderByItem each : orderByItems) {
            Object value = queryResult.getValue(each.getIndex(), Object.class);
            Preconditions.checkState(null == value || value instanceof Comparable, "Order by value must implements Comparable");
            result.add((Comparable<?>) value);
        }
        return result;
    }
```

After using resultSet.getObject(int index), for TimeStamp oracle, the system will decide whether to return java.sql.TimeStamp or define oralce.sql.TIMESTAMP according to the property of  oracle.jdbc.J2EE13Compliant. See oracle.jdbc.driver.TimestampAccessor#getObject(int var1) method in ojdbc codes for more detail:

```java
    Object getObject(int var1) throws SQLException {
        Object var2 = null;
        if(this.rowSpaceIndicator == null) {
            DatabaseError.throwSqlException(21);
        }

        if(this.rowSpaceIndicator[this.indicatorIndex + var1] != -1) {
            if(this.externalType != 0) {
                switch(this.externalType) {
                case 93:
                    return this.getTimestamp(var1);
                default:
                    DatabaseError.throwSqlException(4);
                    return null;
                }
            }

            if(this.statement.connection.j2ee13Compliant) {
                var2 = this.getTimestamp(var1);
            } else {
                var2 = this.getTIMESTAMP(var1);
            }
        }

        return var2;
    }
```

## 23. [Other] In Windows environment,when cloning ShardingSphere source code through Git, why prompt filename too long and how to solve it?

Answer:

To ensure the readability of source code,the ShardingSphere Coding Specification requires that the naming of classes,methods and variables be literal and avoid abbreviations,which may result in  Some source files have long names. 

Since the Git version of Windows is compiled using msys,it uses the old version of Windows Api,limiting the file name to no more than 260 characters. 

The solutions are as follows: 

Open cmd.exe (you need to add git to environment variables) and execute the following command to allow git supporting log paths: 
```
git config --global core.longpaths true
```

If we use windows 10, also need enable win32 log paths in registry editor or group strategy(need reboot):
> Create the registry key `HKLM\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\FileSystem LongPathsEnabled` (Type: REG_DWORD) in registry editor, and be set to 1.
> Or click "setting" button in system menu, print "Group Policy" to open a new window "Edit Group Policy", and then click 'Computer Configuration' > 'Administrative Templates' > 'System' > 'Filesystem', and then turn on 'Enable Win32 long paths' option.

Reference material:

https://docs.microsoft.com/zh-cn/windows/desktop/FileIO/naming-a-file
https://ourcodeworld.com/articles/read/109/how-to-solve-filename-too-long-error-in-git-powershell-and-github-application-for-windows

## 24. [Other] How to solve `Type is required` error?

Answer:

In Apache ShardingSphere, many functionality implementation are uploaded through [SPI](/en/concepts/pluggable/), such as Distributed Primary Key. These functions load SPI implementation by configuring the `type`，so the `type` must be specified in the configuration file.

## 25. [Other] How to speed up the metadata loading when service starts up?

Answer:

1. Update to 4.0.1 above, which helps speed up the process of loading table metadata.
2. Configure:
- `max.connections.size.per.query`(Default value is 1) higher referring to connection pool you adopt(Version >= 3.0.0.M3 & Version < 5.0.0).
- `max-connections-size-per-query`(Default value is 1) higher referring to connection pool you adopt(Version >= 5.0.0).

## 26. [Other] The ANTLR plugin generates codes in the same level directory as src, which is easy to commit by mistake. How to avoid it?

Answer:

Goto [Settings -> Languages & Frameworks -> ANTLR v4 default project settings](jetbrains://idea/settings?name=Languages+%26+Frameworks--ANTLR+v4+default+project+settings) and configure the output directory of the generated code as `target/gen` as shown:

![Configure ANTLR plugin](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/document/current/img/faq/configure-antlr-plugin.png)

## 27. [Other] Why is the database sharding result not correct when using `Proxool`?

Answer:

When using `Proxool` to configure multiple data sources, each one of them should be configured with alias. It is because `Proxool` would check whether existing alias is included in the connection pool or not when acquiring connections, so without alias, each connection will be acquired from the same data source.

The followings are core codes from ProxoolDataSource getConnection method in `Proxool`:

```java
    if(!ConnectionPoolManager.getInstance().isPoolExists(this.alias)) {
        this.registerPool();
    }
```

For more alias usages, please refer to [Proxool](http://proxool.sourceforge.net/configure.html) official website.
