docs/document/content/user-manual/shardingsphere-proxy/usage/distsql/syntax/rdl/rdl-encrypt-rule.en.md, before:

+++
title = "Encrypt"
weight = 4
+++

## Definition

```sql
CREATE ENCRYPT RULE encryptRuleDefinition [, encryptRuleDefinition] ...

ALTER ENCRYPT RULE encryptRuleDefinition [, encryptRuleDefinition] ...

DROP ENCRYPT RULE tableName [, tableName] ...

encryptRuleDefinition:
    tableName(COLUMNS(columnDefinition [, columnDefinition] ...))

columnDefinition:
    (NAME=columnName [, PLAIN=plainColumnName] , CIPHER=cipherColumnName, encryptAlgorithm)

encryptAlgorithm:
    TYPE(NAME=encryptAlgorithmType [, PROPERTIES([algorithmProperties] )] )

algorithmProperties:
    algorithmProperty [, algorithmProperty] ...

algorithmProperty:
    key=value                          
```
- `PLAIN` specifies the plain column, `CIPHER` specifies the cipher column
- `encryptAlgorithmType` specifies the encryption algorithm type, please refer to [Encryption Algorithm](/en/user-manual/shardingsphere-jdbc/configuration/built-in-algorithm/encrypt/)
- Duplicate `tableName` will not be created

## Example

```sql
CREATE ENCRYPT RULE t_encrypt (
COLUMNS(
(NAME=user_id,PLAIN=user_plain,CIPHER=user_cipher,TYPE(NAME=AES,PROPERTIES('aes-key-value'='123456abc'))),
(NAME=order_id, CIPHER =order_cipher,TYPE(NAME=MD5))
)),
t_encrypt_2 (
COLUMNS(
(NAME=user_id,PLAIN=user_plain,CIPHER=user_cipher,TYPE(NAME=AES,PROPERTIES('aes-key-value'='123456abc'))),
(NAME=order_id, CIPHER=order_cipher,TYPE(NAME=MD5))
));

ALTER ENCRYPT RULE t_encrypt (
COLUMNS(
(NAME=user_id,PLAIN=user_plain,CIPHER=user_cipher,TYPE(NAME=AES,PROPERTIES('aes-key-value'='123456abc'))),
(NAME=order_id,CIPHER=order_cipher,TYPE(NAME=MD5))
));

DROP ENCRYPT RULE t_encrypt,t_encrypt_2;
```

Commit message:

[DistSQL] Support table level `queryWithCipherColumn` configuration (#13297)
* [DistSQL] Support table level `queryWithCipherColumn` configuration

* Support uppercase & update documents

* fix code style

* remove bank line

docs/document/content/user-manual/shardingsphere-proxy/usage/distsql/syntax/rdl/rdl-encrypt-rule.en.md, after:

+++
title = "Encrypt"
weight = 4
+++

## Definition

```sql
CREATE ENCRYPT RULE encryptRuleDefinition [, encryptRuleDefinition] ...

ALTER ENCRYPT RULE encryptRuleDefinition [, encryptRuleDefinition] ...

DROP ENCRYPT RULE tableName [, tableName] ...

encryptRuleDefinition:
    tableName(COLUMNS(columnDefinition [, columnDefinition] ...), QUERY_WITH_CIPHER_COLUMN=queryWithCipherColumn)

columnDefinition:
    (NAME=columnName [, PLAIN=plainColumnName] , CIPHER=cipherColumnName, encryptAlgorithm)

encryptAlgorithm:
    TYPE(NAME=encryptAlgorithmType [, PROPERTIES([algorithmProperties] )] )

algorithmProperties:
    algorithmProperty [, algorithmProperty] ...

algorithmProperty:
    key=value                          
```
- `PLAIN` specifies the plain column, `CIPHER` specifies the cipher column
- `encryptAlgorithmType` specifies the encryption algorithm type, please refer to [Encryption Algorithm](/en/user-manual/shardingsphere-jdbc/configuration/built-in-algorithm/encrypt/)
- Duplicate `tableName` will not be created
- `queryWithCipherColumn` support uppercase or lowercase true or false

## Example

```sql
CREATE ENCRYPT RULE t_encrypt (
COLUMNS(
(NAME=user_id,PLAIN=user_plain,CIPHER=user_cipher,TYPE(NAME=AES,PROPERTIES('aes-key-value'='123456abc'))),
(NAME=order_id, CIPHER =order_cipher,TYPE(NAME=MD5))
), QUERY_WITH_CIPHER_COLUMN=true),
t_encrypt_2 (
COLUMNS(
(NAME=user_id,PLAIN=user_plain,CIPHER=user_cipher,TYPE(NAME=AES,PROPERTIES('aes-key-value'='123456abc'))),
(NAME=order_id, CIPHER=order_cipher,TYPE(NAME=MD5))
), QUERY_WITH_CIPHER_COLUMN=FALSE);

ALTER ENCRYPT RULE t_encrypt (
COLUMNS(
(NAME=user_id,PLAIN=user_plain,CIPHER=user_cipher,TYPE(NAME=AES,PROPERTIES('aes-key-value'='123456abc'))),
(NAME=order_id,CIPHER=order_cipher,TYPE(NAME=MD5))
), QUERY_WITH_CIPHER_COLUMN=TRUE);

DROP ENCRYPT RULE t_encrypt,t_encrypt_2;
```
