docs/document/content/user-manual/shardingsphere-jdbc/configuration/props.en.md, before:

+++
title = "Properties Configuration"
weight = 6
chapter = true
+++

## Introduction

Apache ShardingSphere provides the way of property configuration to configure system level configuration.

## Configuration Item Explanation

| *Name*                             | *Data Type* | *Description*                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | *Default Value* |
| ---------------------------------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------- |
| sql-show (?)                       | boolean     | Whether show SQL or not in log. <br /> Print SQL details can help developers debug easier. The log details include: logic SQL, actual SQL and SQL parse result. <br /> Enable this property will log into log topic `ShardingSphere-SQL`, log level is INFO. | false           |
| sql-simple (?)                     | boolean     | Whether show SQL details in simple style.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | false           |
| kernel-executor-size (?)                  | int         | The max thread size of worker group to execute SQL. One ShardingSphereDataSource will use a independent thread pool, it does not share thread pool even different data source in same JVM.                                                                   | infinite        |
| max-connections-size-per-query (?) | int         | Max opened connection size for each query.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | 1               |
| check-table-metadata-enabled (?)   | boolean     | Whether validate table meta data consistency when application startup or updated.                                                                                                                                                                            | false           |
| check-duplicate-table-enabled (?)  | boolean     | Whether validate duplicate table when application startup or updated.                                                                                                                                                                                        | false           |
| sql-comment-parse-enabled (?)      | boolean     | Whether parse the comment of SQL.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | false           |

Commit message:

add configuration switch for federation executor engine in Apache/ShardingSphere (#13277)
* add configuration switch for federation execution engine

* modify doc and configuration file

* fix unit test

* fix rewrite test

* add configuration for integration test

* fix checkstyle

* fix checkstyle

* rename federation-executor-enabled to sql-federation-enabled

docs/document/content/user-manual/shardingsphere-jdbc/configuration/props.en.md, after:

+++
title = "Properties Configuration"
weight = 6
chapter = true
+++

## Introduction

Apache ShardingSphere provides the way of property configuration to configure system level configuration.

## Configuration Item Explanation

| *Name*                             | *Data Type* | *Description*                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | *Default Value* |
| ---------------------------------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------- |
| sql-show (?)                       | boolean     | Whether show SQL or not in log. <br /> Print SQL details can help developers debug easier. The log details include: logic SQL, actual SQL and SQL parse result. <br /> Enable this property will log into log topic `ShardingSphere-SQL`, log level is INFO. | false           |
| sql-simple (?)                     | boolean     | Whether show SQL details in simple style.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | false           |
| kernel-executor-size (?)           | int         | The max thread size of worker group to execute SQL. One ShardingSphereDataSource will use a independent thread pool, it does not share thread pool even different data source in same JVM.                                                                   | infinite        |
| max-connections-size-per-query (?) | int         | Max opened connection size for each query.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | 1               |
| check-table-metadata-enabled (?)   | boolean     | Whether validate table meta data consistency when application startup or updated.                                                                                                                                                                            | false           |
| check-duplicate-table-enabled (?)  | boolean     | Whether validate duplicate table when application startup or updated.                                                                                                                                                                                        | false           |
| sql-comment-parse-enabled (?)      | boolean     | Whether parse the comment of SQL.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | false           |
| sql-federation-enabled (?)         | boolean     | Whether enable sql federation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | false           |
