docs/community/content/contribute/subscribe.en.md, before:

+++
title = "Subscribe Guide"
weight = 1
chapter = true
+++

During the process of using ShardingSphere, if there is any problem, suggestion or new idea, you can use Apache mailing-list to participate in the community construction.

1. Send e-mail to subscribe. 
Use your mailbox to send an e-mail to [dev-subscribe@shardingsphere.apache.org](mailto:dev-subscribe@shardingsphere.apache.org) with any subject or content.

1. Receive and reply the confirmation e-mail.
After Step 1, you will receive a confirmation e-mail from [dev-help@shardingsphere.apache.org](mailto:dev-help@shardingsphere.apache.org) (if you have not received that, please check “RSS feeds”, “junk e-mail” or other items). Reply that e-mail directly or click the link in e-mail to reply, with any subject or content.

1. Receive the welcome e-mail.
After finishing the two steps above, an e-mail with the subject of `WELCOME to dev@shardingsphere.apache.org` will be sent to your e-mail address. Until now, you have succeeded in subscribing Apache ShardingSphere mail-list.

1. Until now, you can interact with community by your subscribed email or track email conversations by [Archived email list](https://lists.apache.org/list.html?dev@shardingsphere.apache.org).

Commit message:

Update subscribe.en.md (#12254)
Edit the English, add Slack channel link

docs/community/content/contribute/subscribe.en.md, after:

+++
title = "Subscribe Guide"
weight = 1
chapter = true
+++

When using or contributing to ShardingSphere, if you encounter any problem, or you have any suggestions or new ideas, you can use the Apache mailing-list to participate in the community building, or join the ShardingSphere [Slack channel](https://app.slack.com/client/T026JKU2DPF/C026MLH7F34) to connect with other community members.

To join the mailing list: 

1. Send an e-mail to subscribe. 
Use your mailbox to send an e-mail to [dev-subscribe@shardingsphere.apache.org](mailto:dev-subscribe@shardingsphere.apache.org) with any subject or content.

1. Receive and reply the confirmation e-mail.
After Step 1, you will receive a confirmation e-mail from [dev-help@shardingsphere.apache.org](mailto:dev-help@shardingsphere.apache.org) (if you have not received the email, please check “RSS feeds”, “junk e-mail” or other items). Reply to that e-mail directly or click the link in the e-mail to reply, with any subject or content.

1. Receive the welcome e-mail.
After finishing the two steps above, an e-mail with the subject of `WELCOME to dev@shardingsphere.apache.org` will be sent to your e-mail address. You'll have then succeeded in subscribing to the Apache ShardingSphere mailing-list.

1. You now can interact with community by your subscribed email or track email conversations by [Archived email list](https://lists.apache.org/list.html?dev@shardingsphere.apache.org) or [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T026JKU2DPF/C026MLH7F34).
