docs/document/content/user-manual/shardingsphere-jdbc/configuration/spring-boot-starter/encrypt.en.md, before:

+++
title = "Encryption"
weight = 3
+++

## Configuration Item Explanation

```properties
spring.shardingsphere.datasource.names= # Omit the data source configuration, please refer to the usage

spring.shardingsphere.rules.encrypt.tables.<table-name>.columns.<column-name>.cipher-column= # Cipher column name
spring.shardingsphere.rules.encrypt.tables.<table-name>.columns.<column-name>.assisted-query-column= # Assisted query column name
spring.shardingsphere.rules.encrypt.tables.<table-name>.columns.<column-name>.plain-column= # Plain column name
spring.shardingsphere.rules.encrypt.tables.<table-name>.columns.<column-name>.encryptor-name= # Encrypt algorithm name

# Encrypt algorithm configuration
spring.shardingsphere.rules.encrypt.encryptors.<encrypt-algorithm-name>.type= # Encrypt algorithm type
spring.shardingsphere.rules.encrypt.encryptors.<encrypt-algorithm-name>.props.xxx= # Encrypt algorithm properties
```

Please refer to [Built-in Encrypt Algorithm List](/en/user-manual/shardingsphere-jdbc/configuration/built-in-algorithm/encrypt) for more details about type of algorithm.

Commit message:

Move queryWithCipherColumn configuration from props to encrypt rule (#10313)
* Move queryWithCipherColumn configuration from props to encrypt rule

* Update spring namespace

* Update docs

docs/document/content/user-manual/shardingsphere-jdbc/configuration/spring-boot-starter/encrypt.en.md, after:

+++
title = "Encryption"
weight = 3
+++

## Configuration Item Explanation

```properties
spring.shardingsphere.datasource.names= # Omit the data source configuration, please refer to the usage

spring.shardingsphere.rules.encrypt.tables.<table-name>.columns.<column-name>.cipher-column= # Cipher column name
spring.shardingsphere.rules.encrypt.tables.<table-name>.columns.<column-name>.assisted-query-column= # Assisted query column name
spring.shardingsphere.rules.encrypt.tables.<table-name>.columns.<column-name>.plain-column= # Plain column name
spring.shardingsphere.rules.encrypt.tables.<table-name>.columns.<column-name>.encryptor-name= # Encrypt algorithm name

# Encrypt algorithm configuration
spring.shardingsphere.rules.encrypt.encryptors.<encrypt-algorithm-name>.type= # Encrypt algorithm type
spring.shardingsphere.rules.encrypt.encryptors.<encrypt-algorithm-name>.props.xxx= # Encrypt algorithm properties

spring.shardingsphere.rules.encrypt.queryWithCipherColumn= # Whether query with cipher column for data encrypt. User you can use plaintext to query if have
```

Please refer to [Built-in Encrypt Algorithm List](/en/user-manual/shardingsphere-jdbc/configuration/built-in-algorithm/encrypt) for more details about type of algorithm.
