docs/document/content/user-manual/shardingsphere-proxy/props.en.md, before:

+++
title = "Properties"
weight = 4
chapter = true
+++

## Introduction

Apache ShardingSphere provides the way of property configuration to configure system level configuration.

## Configuration Item Explanation

| *Name*                              | *Data Type* | *Description*                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | *Default Value* | *Dynamic Update* | 
| ----------------------------------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| --------------- |----------------- | 
| sql-show (?)                        | boolean     | Whether show SQL or not in log. <br /> Print SQL details can help developers debug easier. The log details include: logic SQL, actual SQL and SQL parse result. <br /> Enable this property will log into log topic `ShardingSphere-SQL`, log level is INFO.                                            | false           | true             |
| sql-simple (?)                      | boolean     | Whether show SQL details in simple style.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | false           | true             |
| kernel-executor-size (?)            | int         | The max thread size of worker group to execute SQL. One ShardingSphereDataSource will use a independent thread pool, it does not share thread pool even different data source in same JVM.                                                                                                              | infinite        | false            |
| max-connections-size-per-query (?)  | int         | Max opened connection size for each query.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | 1               | true             |
| check-table-metadata-enabled (?)    | boolean     | Whether validate table meta data consistency when application startup or updated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | false           | false            |
| proxy-frontend-flush-threshold (?)  | int         | Flush threshold for every records from databases for ShardingSphere-Proxy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | 128             | true             |
| proxy-opentracing-enabled (?)       | boolean     | Whether enable opentracing for ShardingSphere-Proxy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | false           | true             |
| proxy-hint-enabled (?)              | boolean     | Whether enable hint for ShardingSphere-Proxy. Using Hint will switch proxy thread mode from IO multiplexing to per connection per thread, which will reduce system throughput.                                                                                                                          | false           | true             |
| proxy-backend-query-fetch-size (?)  | int         | Proxy backend query fetch size. A larger value may increase the memory usage of ShardingSphere Proxy. The default value is -1, which means set the minimum value for different JDBC drivers.                                                                                                            | -1              | false            |
| check-duplicate-table-enabled (?)   | boolean     | Whether validate duplicate table when application startup or updated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | false           | false            |
| sql-comment-parse-enabled (?)       | boolean     | Whether parse the comment of SQL.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | false           | true             |
| proxy-frontend-executor-size (?)    | int         | Proxy frontend Netty executor size. The default value is 0, which means let Netty decide.                                                                                                                                                                                                               | 0               | false            |
| proxy-backend-executor-suitable (?) | String      | Available options of proxy backend executor suitable: OLAP(default), OLTP. The OLTP option may reduce time cost of writing packets to client, but it may increase the latency of SQL execution if client connections are more than `proxy-frontend-netty-executor-size`, especially executing slow SQL. | OLAP            | false            |
| sql-federation-enabled (?)          | boolean     | Whether enable sql federation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | false           | true             |

Properties can be updated by [DistSQL](/cn/user-manual/shardingsphere-proxy/distsql/usage/).
Dynamic update can take effect immediately, static update can take effect after restarted.

Commit message:

Update documents for ShardingSphere-Proxy (#14182)
* Update documents for ShardingSphere-Proxy

* Update documents about props

docs/document/content/user-manual/shardingsphere-proxy/props.en.md, after:

+++
title = "Properties"
weight = 4
chapter = true
+++

## Introduction

Apache ShardingSphere provides the way of property configuration to configure system level configuration.

## Configuration Item Explanation

| *Name*                              | *Data Type* | *Description*                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | *Default Value* | *Dynamic Update* | 
| ----------------------------------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| --------------- |----------------- | 
| sql-show (?)                        | boolean     | Whether show SQL or not in log. <br /> Print SQL details can help developers debug easier. The log details include: logic SQL, actual SQL and SQL parse result. <br /> Enable this property will log into log topic `ShardingSphere-SQL`, log level is INFO.                                            | false           | true             |
| sql-simple (?)                      | boolean     | Whether show SQL details in simple style.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | false           | true             |
| kernel-executor-size (?)            | int         | The max thread size of worker group to execute SQL. One ShardingSphereDataSource will use a independent thread pool, it does not share thread pool even different data source in same JVM.                                                                                                              | infinite        | false            |
| max-connections-size-per-query (?)  | int         | Max opened connection size for each query.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | 1               | true             |
| check-table-metadata-enabled (?)    | boolean     | Whether validate table meta data consistency when application startup or updated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | false           | false            |
| proxy-frontend-flush-threshold (?)  | int         | Flush threshold for every records from databases for ShardingSphere-Proxy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | 128             | true             |
| proxy-opentracing-enabled (?)       | boolean     | Whether enable opentracing for ShardingSphere-Proxy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | false           | true             |
| proxy-hint-enabled (?)              | boolean     | Whether enable hint for ShardingSphere-Proxy. Using Hint will switch proxy thread mode from IO multiplexing to per connection per thread, which will reduce system throughput.                                                                                                                          | false           | true             |
| proxy-backend-query-fetch-size (?)  | int         | Proxy backend query fetch size. A larger value may increase the memory usage of ShardingSphere Proxy. The default value is -1, which means set the minimum value for different JDBC drivers.                                                                                                            | -1              | false            |
| check-duplicate-table-enabled (?)   | boolean     | Whether validate duplicate table when application startup or updated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | false           | false            |
| sql-comment-parse-enabled (?)       | boolean     | Whether parse the comment of SQL.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | false           | true             |
| proxy-frontend-executor-size (?)    | int         | Proxy frontend Netty executor size. The default value is 0, which means let Netty decide.                                                                                                                                                                                                               | 0               | false            |
| proxy-backend-executor-suitable (?) | String      | Available options of proxy backend executor suitable: OLAP(default), OLTP. The OLTP option may reduce time cost of writing packets to client, but it may increase the latency of SQL execution if client connections are more than `proxy-frontend-netty-executor-size`, especially executing slow SQL. | OLAP            | false            |
| proxy-frontend-max-connections (?)  | int         | The maximum permitted number of client connections to Proxy. The default value is 0 and less than or equal to 0 means no limitation.                                                                                                                                                                    | 0               | true             |
| sql-federation-enabled (?)          | boolean     | Whether enable sql federation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | false           | true             |

Properties can be updated by [DistSQL](/cn/user-manual/shardingsphere-proxy/distsql/usage/).
Dynamic update can take effect immediately, static update can take effect after restarted.
